Quality: PowerShell Summit GH-3411 (#3414)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/pki/New-CertificateNotificationTask.md

# New-CertificateNotificationTask

## SYNOPSIS

> 

Reviewer: The synopsis the only heading we _can't_ have a newline after. It breaks PlatyPS.

```suggestion
```

Author: 🤦‍♂️ I'll update all articles and re-push. Thanks!

If any certificate has a renewal chain longer than 20, then the certificate is not logged.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
$params = @{
    PSScript = 'C:\myscript.ps1'
    Channel = 'System'
    Type = 'Replace'
    Name = 'My System Certificate Task'
}
New-CertificateNotificationTask @params
```

This example creates a system notification task for certificate replacement events with the name
`My System Certificate Task` that will launch the `C:\myscript.ps1` script. The cmdlet will run on
the local system.

### EXAMPLE 2

```powershell
$params = @{
    PSScript = 'C:\myscript.ps1'
    Channel = 'User'
    Type = 'Expire'
    Name = 'My User Certificate Task'
}
New-CertificateNotificationTask @params
```

This example creates a system notification task for the expiration and close-to-expiration
certificate events with the name `My User Certificate Task` that will launch the `C:\myscript.ps1`.
The cmdlet will run for all currently logged on users in the user contexts.

## PARAMETERS

### -Channel

Sets the channel of the **CertificateServicesClient-Notifications** log that will be monitored for
certificate lifecycle events. The acceptable values for this parameter are:

>  -- `System`: The **Operation-System** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
>  system certificate bindings that use computer certificates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `System`: The **Operation-System** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
  system certificate bindings that use computer certificates.
```

>  -- `System`: The **Operation-System** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
>  system certificate bindings that use computer certificates.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `System`: The **Operation-System** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
  system certificate bindings that use computer certificates.
```

>  -- `User`: The **Operational-User** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `User`: The **Operational-User** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
```

>  -- `User`: The **Operational-User** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify
>  user certificate bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `User`: The **Operational-User** channel will be used. This channel should be used to modify user
  certificate bindings.
```

```

### -RunTaskForExistingCertificates

Generates a replacement notification for any certificate in the My store that has been replaced in
the past. For the notification to be generated both certificates must be present in the store. This
parameter can only be used with the `Replace` type.

> Note: The following warning will be displayed when this this parameter set to `False` and there are
> some certificates in MY store that would have resulted in a notification.
> 
>  -- `There are certificates in My store that have been replaced in the past. You can use the
>  New-CertificateNotification cmdlet with the RunTaskForExistingCerts parameter to generate
>  notifications for those certificates to correct any configuration problems that you may already
>  have on this machine.`

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The following warning is displayed when this parameter set to `False` and there are some
> certificates in MY store that would have resulted in a notification.
>
> ```Output
> There are certificates in My store that have been replaced in the past. You can use the
> New-CertificateNotification cmdlet with the RunTaskForExistingCerts parameter to generate
> notifications for those certificates to correct any configuration problems that you may already
> have on this machine.
> ```
````

> Note: The following warning will be displayed when this this parameter set to `False` and there are
> some certificates in MY store that would have resulted in a notification.
> 
>  -- `There are certificates in My store that have been replaced in the past. You can use the
>  New-CertificateNotification cmdlet with the RunTaskForExistingCerts parameter to generate
>  notifications for those certificates to correct any configuration problems that you may already
>  have on this machine.`

Reviewer: @sdwheeler double check me on this one, not sure if I'm right:

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The following warning will be displayed when this this parameter set to `$false` and there are
> some certificates in MY store that would have resulted in a notification.
>
> `There are certificates in My store that have been replaced in the past. You can use the
> New-CertificateNotification cmdlet with the RunTaskForExistingCerts parameter to generate
> notifications for those certificates to correct any configuration problems that you may already
> have on this machine.`
```

```

### -Type

Specifies the type of events that will trigger certificate notifications. The acceptable values for
this parameter are:

>  -- `Replace`: Certificate replacement events will trigger this notification, including certificates
>  that are renewed by auto-enrollment, using the Certificates snap-in, or by using the
>  `Switch-Certificate` cmdlet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Replace`: Certificate replacement events will trigger this notification, including certificates
  that are renewed by auto-enrollment, using the Certificates snap-in, or by using the
  `Switch-Certificate` cmdlet.
```

>  -- `Replace`: Certificate replacement events will trigger this notification, including certificates
>  that are renewed by auto-enrollment, using the Certificates snap-in, or by using the
>  `Switch-Certificate` cmdlet.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Replace`: Certificate replacement events will trigger this notification, including certificates
  that are renewed by auto-enrollment, using the Certificates snap-in, or by using the
  `Switch-Certificate` cmdlet.
```

>  -- `Expire`: Certificate expiration and close-to-expire events will trigger this notification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Expire`: Certificate expiration and close-to-expire events will trigger this notification.
```

>  -- `Expire`: Certificate expiration and close-to-expire events will trigger this notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Expire`: Certificate expiration and close-to-expire events will trigger this notification.
```
